Document HashiCorp's Vault support (#1088)
cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs: docs/guide/writing-tasks.md

| CIRRUS_VAULT_URL           | not set                                                                                                                                                | Address of the Vault server expressed as a URL and port (for example, `https://vault.example.com:8200/`), see [HashiCorp Vault Support](#hashicorp-vault-support).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| CIRRUS_VAULT_NAMESPACE     | not set                                                                                                                                                | A [Vault Enterprise Namespace](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/enterprise/namespaces) to use when authenticating and reading secrets from Vault.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | CIRRUS_VAULT_AUTH_PATH     | `jwt` for JWT, etc.                                                                                                                                    | Alternative auth method mount point, in case it was mounted to a non-default path.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: I think the ` for JWT, etc.` part can be omitted? "etc." confused me a bit. 😅

Author: See https://github.com/cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs/pull/1088/commits/26fa9746b7853ae8286f9384c23e379d2e1ee2a5.

    the variable by themselves and editing both the encrypted variable and repo-owner condition
    in the `.cirrus.yml` file.

### HashiCorp Vault support

In addition to using Cirrus CI for managing secrets, it is possible to retrieve secrets from [HashiCorp Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/).

You will need to configure a [JWT authentication method](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/auth/jwt#jwt-authentication) and point it to the Cirrus CI's OIDC discovery URL: `https://oidc.cirrus-ci.com`.

> This ensures that a cryptographic JWT token (`CIRRUS_OIDC_TOKEN`) that the Cirrus CI's task will automatically pass to your Vault will be considered valid.

Reviewer: I think it will be good to highlight that Cirrus Agent is doing calls to vault so the Vault installation can be private.

Author: See https://github.com/cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs/pull/1088/commits/16bcc1154d28755e19169fe6a2b577866ce6c1c5.

> From the Cirrus CI's side, use the `CIRRUS_VAULT_URL` environment variable to point Cirrus CI at your vault and configure [other Vault-specific variables](#behavioral-environment-variables), if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the Cirrus CI's side, use the `CIRRUS_VAULT_URL` environment variable to point Cirrus Agent at your vault and configure [other Vault-specific variables](#behavioral-environment-variables), if needed.
```

Once done, you will be able to use the `VAULT[path/to/secret selector]` syntax to retrieve a [version 2 secret](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v2), for example:

```yaml
publish_task:
  environment:
    AUTH_TOKEN: VAULT[secret/data/github data.token]
  script: ./publish.sh
```

> The path is exactly the one you'd specify by calling `vault read`, and the selector is a simply dot-delimited list of fields to query in the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path is exactly the one you are familiar from invoking Vault CLI like [`vault read ...`](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/commands/read), and the selector is a simply dot-delimited list of fields to query in the output.
```
